hey guys Russia with a quick video today
I'll be showing you how to make a
pop-out staircase it's very simple flip
the lever and these blocks will pop out
flip it back up they'll pop back in I
just have two examples right here you
could use the regular wooden stairs
right here or you could use actual
blocks right here for a more flat thing
but yeah come up oh nice view I'm gonna
sleep really quick and let's get on to
actually how you make this so this could
be like a cool entrance to your base if
you had just like a flat wall here and
then it to get in you had to flip the
lever and I have out stuff here to block
these Pistons when it's extended out so
it looks a bit nicer but yeah so over
here I have the skeleton of this or just
like the footprint or whatever you want
to call it to not to it's not too large
fairly compact again stands out extends
in
very nice so let's get started on how
you make this so you would going to want
I'm just using orange will to symbolize
something important but you're going to
want to place the blocks here like this
doesn't matter what orientation you
place it in two repeaters there another
two repeaters right there well right
there well right there sticking out
twice like that's you're going to want
hit it right there right there right
there another wall right here another
piece of wool right here then from here
which going to want to do is you want to
need glowstone you need two pieces place
it on the side right there like that you
need glowstone because they have special
redstone properties but I'm not going to
go into how it that actually works you
can youtube that to learn how how that
works but now we have our glowstone
right here and just do the same thing on
the same time on the same exact side and
then now for repeater timing set these
24 and the middle ones 23 okay you're
going to add torches right here right
here on all the orange wool right there
and then you can
add wool on top of this doesn't really
matter right there right there and then
now just add your redstone so just wire
it all up
and then have this go straight into the
block with the torch on it right there
so do the same thing on the same side
now have one up right here like that and
then you're going to want to add a torch
right there and then pistons right here
have your block I'm just going to use
iron right there and then as a quick
example if you know if you flip the
lever it looks 10 doubt then I mess up
the GUP so let me just check everything
it did and make sure it did everything
right looks like I did everything right
don't know why it did that
oh I see the problem okay so add yeah i
forgot to wire that right there so
extend out stand in as your quick
example here's a quick example stood
extend out extends in i forgot to wire
that right there so yeah so next thing
you want to do is you want to place up
two pistons right there with you could
have your blocks right here and two
blocks to the side like this extended
out two blocks two blocks you can remove
this you're going to have two repeaters
here these repeaters are here to make it
look nicer set the four tix on both
sides here stand one oats one more add a
little dip here
and add your redstone it right here and
then you could add another your other
blocks on top like this and then you can
extend this out of course like this
there's your input wire it up and voila
finished you just learned how to make a
pop-out staircase thanks for watching be
sure to check out my other videos and to
subscribe i'll see you guys later